Revise /docs for comprehensiveness and accuracy (#17)
TLCFEM/ezp: docs/Intro/Compilation.md

### Enable OpenMP

Use `-DEZP_ENABLE_OPENMP=ON` flag in CMake to enable the `-fopenmp` compiling flag.

## Sparse Solver Dependencies

The dense `ScaLAPACK`-based solvers (`pgesv`, `pposv`, `pgbsv`, etc.) are always available.
The sparse solvers require additional libraries and must be explicitly enabled.

### PARDISO (Intel MKL Cluster Sparse Solver)

> `PARDISO` is bundled in [Intel® oneAPI Math Kernel Library (oneMKL)](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/onemkl/developer-reference-c/2025-1/cluster-sparse-solver.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PARDISO` is bundled in [Intel® oneAPI Math Kernel Library (oneMKL)](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/onemkl.html).
```

It is automatically detected when the `oneAPI` environment is sourced.
No additional CMake flags are needed; the macro `EZP_MKL` will be defined when MKL is found.

### MUMPS

[MUMPS](https://mumps-solver.org/) must be compiled and installed separately.
Point CMake to the installation via `-DMUMPS_DIR=<path>`.
Note that `MUMPS` always uses 32-bit integers internally (see [mumps.md](../Solvers/Sparse/mumps.md) for details).

### Lis

[Lis](http://www.ssisc.org/lis/) must be compiled with MPI support (`--enable-mpi`) and installed separately.
Point CMake to the installation via `-DLIS_DIR=<path>`.

> `Lis` only supports `double` precision.

Reviewer: Remove
